New feed cyberint commands (#38930)
demisto/content: Packs/Cyberint/ReleaseNotes/1_1_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Cyberint Feed

> - Added support for **cyberint-get-url** command that gets url enrichment from the feed.
> - Added support for **cyberint-get-file-sha256** command that gets file sha256 enrichment from the feed.
> - Added support for **cyberint-get-ipv4** command that gets ipv4 enrichment from the feed.
> - Added support for **cyberint-get-domain** command that gets domain enrichment from the feed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for the following commands:
- **cyberint-get-url** that gets url enrichment from the feed.
- **cyberint-get-file-sha256** that gets file sha256 enrichment from the feed.
- **cyberint-get-ipv4** that gets ipv4 enrichment from the feed.
- **cyberint-get-domain** that gets domain enrichment from the feed.

```

Author: Changed

Author: This content is generated by the `demisto-sdk update-release-notes` command
